Hi everyone, it's Trading Midbusters. On this channel, we test popular trading strategies and see if they work or if they don't. In this video, we're checking this video with 1.5 million views. The idea here is strategy based on two indicators, bowling a bands plus RSI. As you can see here, we got two indicators. First is bowling bands. They give us upper bowling a band, middle and lower, and RSI here below. And the idea is like this. If our price crosses lower bowling a band plus we add the condition that lower RSI crosses our lower threshold we open a long trade and uh we exit when it crosses middle band plus the threshold for RSI and the opposite for short entries. The main idea here is mini reversion. What it is? It's uh the assumption that if uh our price went up or down under certain conditions, it will always return to mean. And uh as you can see here, the middle bowling band is actually our moving average. And here is the results table after all the testing. I will explain to you in details what it is in the end of the video. We are going to check the performance of the strategy using back testing. And here are a few words about what it is. So here is an example of Apple stocks file. We have downloaded similar files for all most liquid crypto, futures, stocks and uh forex. And uh in this file for example we have prices for each 15 minutes and uh that's actually enough to simulate our trading logic using Python language. Let me quickly show you the code of our back testing. So firstly config.json it's a default configuration file for freak trade package. Next uh in back test.json we specify some parameters for our trading strategy like uh maximum amount of open trades and our initial capital. Then in crypto.json we specify the tickers that we are going to trade on crypto market. Here we have just 100 most liquid crypto tickers. And same for forex, US futures and US stocks. Now main script of our trading strategy. Here we specify our indicators bowling bands length and std. It's how wide bowling events are and also RSI parameters. We use parameters from the video and uh later in the video I will optimize them. Stay tuned. Next in this part we calculate our indicators and in populate entry trend we check our entry conditions. As we've discussed our entry condition for short, for example, is when we crossed our upper bowlinger band and RSI's overbought which is defined here and same for exit trend. So we cross middle bowling band and RSI is higher or lower than our predefined threshold. Now let's see the visualization of our trading strategy. It's just one ticker SNX. In the bottom you see RSI indicator and here you see lower bowling band middle and upper. So as we've discussed here we crossed lower bowling band and RSI was lower than our threshold. So we entered a long position and we exited with profit. Then here you can see that there was some short entries which we closed prematurely due to stop-loss and there was another short entry that we also closed with profit when it met our condition. And it means that we crossed our middle bowling band and the SI was more than our threshold. Now let's get to the results on crypto market. First we start with 1 day time frame and here are best and worst performing tickers and our sharp ratio is 12 not actually impressive and we've made just $70. Next we have 4 hours time frame once again best and worst performing tickers and our sharp ratio is negative. It's - 1.17 and we've lost $370. Next 1 hour time frame, our sharp ratio is - 33. It's very low. And we've also lost $3,000. Now 30 minutes time frame, sharp ratio is -23. Still very low, still negative. And we've lost $15,000. Now 15 minutes time frame, sharp is -42. And we've lost $1.8,000. 5 minutes time frame our sharp ratio is -90 and we've lost $2,000 so not quite impressive. Now 3 minute time frame and sharp is more than minus 100. We're low and we've lost nearly $25,000. Now let's see 1 minute time frame. Our sharp is still negative nearly -1,000 and we've lost $3.7,000. Now let's go to USA stocks. Firstly one day time frame. Sharp is positive 1.13 and we've actually made $200. Next 4 hours time frame, sharp is negative minus $1.6 and now we've lost $250. Now 1 hour time frame, sharp is positive 2.4 and we've made $100. Now 30 minute time frame, sharp is negative minus 7.9 and we've lost $300. Now 15 minutes time frame, sharp is 10.8 8 and we've made $300. 5 minute time frame, sharp is -12 and we've lost $180. 1 minute time frame. Let's see the results. And sharp is nearly - 100 and we've lost $400. Now let's check futures market 15 minutes time frame and sharp is minus3 and we've lost $169. Next moving to 5m minute time frame. Sharp is positive $8.69. 69 and we've made $300. Next moving to 1 minute time frame. Finally sharp is positive 25. That's impressive. And we've made $375. Now we move to Forex market. Starting with 1 day time frame, our sharp is minus.06 and we've lost just $4. Next 4 hours time frame, positive sharp $1.77 and we've made $70. Next 1 hour time frame, our sharp is 255 and we've made just $4. Next 30 minute time frame, sharp is minus.14 and we've lost just $1. Next 15 minutes time frame, our sharp is minus3 and we've lost $22. 5 minutes time frame, our sharp is 27 quite a lot and we've made $84. And finally, just 1 minute time frame, sharp ratio is - 32 and we've lost $36. That's it for the results. And as I've mentioned before, we have some hyperparameters. We used values from the original video, but they are optimizable. So here are ranges for each parameter. And uh I've ran hyperparameter optimization. Let's check the results. I ran it using this command in the top. And uh it turned out that best parameters are here. They are quite uh similar to parameters from the video but a little bit different. And now let's analyze our results. As you can see on crypto market, our strategy performed poorly and we only made some $69 on one day time frame, which is a random event. So, it's not very reliable. And uh the same can be said about all other markets except for maybe futures where we were in total in positive. But overall uh this strategy doesn't seem reliable because uh we haven't gotten any consistent results. And let's check the results table with hyperparameter optimization. So I have ran hyperparameter optimization for each market. So for example for crypto there is a slight increase from $69 to $115 of total profit. In stocks we also have a slight increase but nothing dramatic. In futures we still have negative profit but it's actually we've lost less than before. And same for forex. So as we can see uh hyperparameter optimization increases our profits or decreases our losses but uh for this exact strategy it's nothing impressive.