Today I have provided you with the back test for this strategy and I can say that this strategy is one of the strategies that gives a high profit rate. This strategy is also considered one of the most powerful trading strategies especially for beginners as a successful trading strategy relies on positive and negative divergence. Does this strategy work for all markets? Yes, this strategy works for gold trading, forex trading and even day trading. Today with the additions made to the RSI indicator, it can now identify divergence on its own. This divergence is what we will rely on along with the MA or the 200 MA. Okay, first let's analyze the strategy's results. Then I'll share the strategy with you. As for the winning rate for this strategy, I tried to calculate it using this Excel file. And after testing it on all these markets, it gave me a profitability rate of 70%. Then I had to calculate the capital I started with, which was $1,000. Then the number of trades I tested the strategy on was 31 trades with a riskreward ratio of 1:2. meaning I would take profit at twice the stop loss. I also talked about this in previous videos. The risk I was taking in each trade from my account was 1%. Meaning I was risking 1% of my capital, which is $1,000 in each trade. And the profitability rate we mentioned gave us 68%. So if we calculate, we see here that I achieved approximately 37% growth in my portfolio. The net profit using this strategy was $371. There's something you may not know about this strategy. When used on long time frames, the trades will be very small. In fact, over 3 months, I made approximately three to four trades on long time frames. But the opposite was true for smaller time frames where I got several excellent trades. However, the risk was a bit higher on smaller time frames. This curve shows the trades taken, losing trades, winning trades, and the profit percentage for each trade. This is over a period of 31 trades. And this is a deeper analysis of each trade. Here we lost $10. Here the profits we made are $19.80. And so we ended up with a net profit of $371 on this account. Now after delving into the analysis of other results, let's move on to understanding the strategy. All right. By entering the trading view platform like this, we click on the indicator tab, then type RSI. And we need to add the RSI indicator like this. After adding RSI, we come here and click on settings. Make sure that calculate divergence is enabled here in input. We click on calculate divergence so that the divergence appears to us without us having to specify it ourselves. This divergence sometimes gives errors. We will learn how to filter it to succeed with this strategy. All right. Simply the second thing I always need to add from the indicator tab is the EMA indicator. Choose moving average exponential like this. After that, I need to click on send settings and change the indicator period to 200. Then click okay. This is the only change. All right. Now I have the EMA 200 which determines the market trend for me and I have the RSI with my divergence. So the EMA will help me determine the trend and thus I will enter trades with the trend. All right. Now the principle of the strategy is as follows. See what it is. In the case of a bearish market, I have the EMA 200 indicator or the EMA 200 line. We added it in white. Here I have the bearish market. And if you notice the market is below the EMA line. This means that in this case I look for the divergence with the RSI. As soon as the RSI divergence appears like this, I take my trade here. As soon as the divergence and the word bearish appear, that's what I did here and made my trade 1 to2. Meaning my take profit will be twice my stop loss. This is how the trade is open. Simply this is in the case of a bearish market. Now we move on to the case of a bullish market. The same principle. I just need to look for divergence in the market when it is above the EMA line. Therefore we said it should be with the trend. Look here I have the RSI. It showed me a positive divergence. It showed me bullish. In this case I have the market above the 200 EMA line. So as soon as the word polish or divergence appears positive I enter my trade here. I think the strategy's principle is clear. Now this divergence is called positive divergence and in a bare market it's called negative divergence. Let's now look at practical examples on the chart to understand. As I said at the beginning of the section, we need to pay close attention to the time frame. The hourly time frame yields fewer trades. Now my advice to you is if you want to take a little risk, you should go down to a 15minut time frame, no less. 15 minutes or more would be better because the smaller the time frame, the greater the risk and the more you will lose trades. On the 15-inut time frame, I saw a positive divergence. As you can see, the word bull appeared, meaning that as soon as the divergence appeared, I entered a trade and took my profit 1 to2. I'm almost at the EMA line, but I'm above the EMA line. So, I entered this trade. Okay, this is another trade. For example, in the forex market, as you can see with me, I'm below the EMA line. In this case, I'm below the EMA line. So, look for trades or negative divergence. Here, my trade is short. What happened to me is that a negative divergence appeared with the word bear on it. I entered my trade as soon as the divergence ended and the trade was successful and it went down for me. Also, in this case, I consider above the EMA line. It is not recommended to take this sell trade at all. And these are the trades I relied on in the back test statistics for the strategy. And the strategy was indeed excellent achieving a good profit percentage. One last piece of advice, this strategy requires patience because divergence does not appear quickly on the RSI indicator. Secondly, I advise you to switch between the 15minut, 30 minute, and hourly time frames to secure excellent trades. You should also adhere to the terms of the strategy we explained earlier. Even for those using mobile devices, you can use this strategy on the Trading View mobile app. So, that's everything regarding this video. If you have any inquiries, contact me via Telegram or the email provided below in the description. Stay tuned for more upcoming videos. Stay safe.