You see this trading strategy right here on the screen? Did you know that you can automate this in a matter of seconds? So, step one, I'm on TradingView, I have my backtest pulled up. The next step, I'm going to go to my strategy, I'm going to hit the three dots, and then click on the button that says add alert. Then I'm going to go to a site called alphainsider.com. The reason why is because we can actually track our trading strategy and then automate it with our own broker. But the cool part, it's not just for us, there are thousands and thousands now of trading strategies built by people just like you and I who have uploaded theirs to the site. You can make it private if you want, but you can also leave it public so everyone can see what's actually working and what's verified. Once you have an account for free, you go to your portfolio, click on add new strategy. Name the strategy, put a description if you want, hypothetical starting balance. This is just so we can see how it trades over time. Determine if it's for stocks, for crypto, and then if you want it public or private. Then open up the resources tab, go to connect to TradingView. Then you're going to follow these steps. We need the webhook URL, we need to add this message inside the message on TradingView, then edit out the strategy ID, stock ID, if we want leverage, and then our API token from Alpha Insider, so that every single trade that fires is going to be sent right here, just like this strategy we're looking at right now. We have one trade so far, it bought SPY at 695, and it's currently up 5.75%. Then I'll go to this auto trade button, I'll connect to a broker. In this case with stocks, it's Alpaca. The PDT rule just dropped, so stay tuned for this minimum to go down dramatically. I'll enter my public and private keys from Alpaca. This does not give any withdrawal, deposit permissions, any of that stuff. All it does is allow Alpha Insider to send these trade signals to Alpaca, which then will execute the trades for you so you don't have to do anything. And you can make a paper account if you want to test things out first. You can add multiple strategies, you can add your own strategies. This little button means it's private, and then you can build out your own trading bot with different allocations to different strategies that you're in control of, but ultimately don't have to take any trades yourself. If you're confused at all and want the full detailed walk-through on how to make sure you connect TradingView signals to Alpha Insider perfectly so you can automate them, click the video link on this short, it'll take you to the full walk-through.